Ed Gal Rein his victory speech starting
now in Kentucky. Let's listen.
>> Now and then the left will make its
stand. It will bring its craziness to
our borders.
>> Thank you folks. I just have a few
remarks. Can you hear me? Okay.
>> In the primary.
They're good. And I speak fluent
Kuckian.
Did I start with God is good? Amen.
>> Now, some folks, I want you to bear with
me. It might not make sense to all of
you, but it's a long way from a family
dairy farm
on the river bottoms here in Kentucky to
standing in front of you here tonight as
the Republican
nominee for Kentucky Congressional
DISTRICT 4.
THE WINNER OF THE race tonight is not so
much Ed Galine. I'll come back to that.
But it's the Republicans of Kentucky
Congressional District 4 and their
families who I will be a champion for in
Washington. They're the winners.
I want to thank a few folks and bear
with me. And I'll keep this short. I
want to thank President Trump for his
support,
his endorsement,
and his counsel as I navigated this
campaign, which is a journey of unto
itself.
And for his courageous leadership of our
nation at this critical time, I want to
emphasize that this critical time in
juncture in history. Thank you, MR.
PRESIDENT.
I WANT TO THANK MY family that have
endured this campaign in many ways that
have been so unfair to them. I want to
thank my team back here and this is some
of them here. Round of applause.
>> Now, we got a saying on the farm. The
family farm is a contact sport. I can
tell you that campaigning is one as
well, isn't it, folks? Lot of talent
back here. I want another round of
applause for my team. not only the ones
in here, but I see them out there as
well. Thank y'all. Thank y'all for what
you've done and thank you for what you
do. Can I take a minute and also thank
my teachers all the way back to Miss
Harden at St. St. Paul, Sister Mary
Dorothia, Sister Mary Fulgence, Coach
Walt Heath from Franklin Simpson just
sent me a note. And I could go on, but
the kind of people that shaped me into
the young man I was and never realized
so many years later, you know, what they
done, including my FFA teacher, Mr.
Hammers, World War II veteran, sniper,
wonderful man, humble as a day is long.
I want to thank my teammates from FFA,
that's Future Farmers of America for you
out oftowner folks. That's a big deal in
Kentucky, okay? FFA
to football to SEAL team and the joint
special operations team that I served on
all over the world. Thank them for they
made me the better person that I am. And
the more I was promoted, the more awards
I got, the more humble I came. Now my
focus is on advancing the presidents and
the party's agenda to put America first
and Kentucky always.
I'm going to keep this simple because
again I speak fluent Kentucky
because for the same reasons I joined in
1983 to serve our nation. Remember I
didn't join to be a Navy Seal. I joined
to make a difference. And being a Navy
Seal was a path to do that. Weren't no
books and movies. Never met one. I
learned to swim in the Ohio River.
That's ill advised but that's what I did
on the farm.
Would have got a whooping had I found
out at the house there. I did that. But
for the same reason I entered as a Navy
Seal officer in 1983, because I had the
audacity to think I could make a
difference. And I did. I will serve this
district, my party, and my nation with
that same audacity to make a difference
for them, their families, our district,
our party, and our nation. God bless
America. Thank y'all. Thank y'all for
coming tonight. Thank y'all. USA, USA,
USA, USA, USA. Thank y'all.
>> Can we get some more of that Brooks and
done?
>> Remember in Kentucky, we got both kinds
of music, country and western. Okay,
we've been watching uh well, we just
watched Gal Ryan's victory speech.